README.md, before:

# coupoun-acceptance-analysis
Data analysis and visualization of coupon acceptance behavior using Python, Seaborn, and Plotly - exploring what factors influence whether drivers accept mobile coupons.

# Summary of Findings:

### From Bar Coupons below are the findings:

1. Drivers who visit bars more than once a month were significantly more likely to accept bar coupons
2. Drivers under 30 years showed a higher coupon acceptance rate than older drivers
3. Drivers traveling without kids were more likely to accept bar coupons than others
4. Drivers earning less than 50K annually and those who frequently use cheap restaurants accepted more coupons
5. Drivers with occupations outside of farming, fishing, and forestry were more likely to accept bar coupons than other occupations

### Observation on analyzing Coffee House Coupons

1. Drivers traveling with friends, especially during morning or early afternoon hours, are more likely to accept coffee house coupons.
2. Acceptance of Coffe House Coupons is influenced by socila connections, meetings and time of the day. As the day progress acceptance is less, which tells us people prefer coffee early in the day than later.

# Jupyter notebook
Here is the link for Jupyter notebook: https://github.com/nuggus/coupoun-acceptance-analysis/blob/master/coupon_acceptance_analysis.ipynb

Commit message:

Update README with next steps and recommendations
Added recommendations for future marketing efforts and data-driven strategies.

README.md, after:

# coupoun-acceptance-analysis
Data analysis and visualization of coupon acceptance behavior using Python, Seaborn, and Plotly - exploring what factors influence whether drivers accept mobile coupons.

# Summary of Findings:

### From Bar Coupons below are the findings:

1. Drivers who visit bars more than once a month were significantly more likely to accept bar coupons
2. Drivers under 30 years showed a higher coupon acceptance rate than older drivers
3. Drivers traveling without kids were more likely to accept bar coupons than others
4. Drivers earning less than 50K annually and those who frequently use cheap restaurants accepted more coupons
5. Drivers with occupations outside of farming, fishing, and forestry were more likely to accept bar coupons than other occupations

### Observation on analyzing Coffee House Coupons

1. Drivers traveling with friends, especially during morning or early afternoon hours, are more likely to accept coffee house coupons.
2. Acceptance of Coffe House Coupons is influenced by socila connections, meetings and time of the day. As the day progress acceptance is less, which tells us people prefer coffee early in the day than later.


### Next steps and recommendations

For business, focus future marketing efforts on socially active, younger adults who already visit bars or low-cost restaurants.
Use data-driven personalization and timed delivery to increase coupon acceptance and customer engagement.

# Jupyter notebook
Here is the link for Jupyter notebook: https://github.com/nuggus/coupoun-acceptance-analysis/blob/master/coupon_acceptance_analysis.ipynb
